We've done straight interpolation.
We've done property binding.
And we've done two way binding.
But I want to do one more.
And this is event binding.
And so we'll go back in, here and
I'm going to just do,
see if I get a map button.
There we go.
Now you'll notice when I generated this,
using this code, the VS code extension or
plugin that I had, it went ahead and
generated this for me.
So let's do something here.
I'm gonna change this to update.
And I'm gonna say update color.
And when we go and we do click,
It's going to call this method.
So we're binding to an event.
And so if I go back here.
Now notice we don't have a method called
update color yet, so I'll go update color.
And who can think of the most
amazing color in the world?
Let me think here.
Salmon, somebody said salmon, I agree.
So, what we're gonna do here,
we're going to go
this.themecolor = salmon.
And what I'm also going to do is
console.log UPDate COLOR WHOOP WHOOP.
Okay?
So back into our code.
And when I click this,
what's going to happen,
it's going to capture that click event.
And it's going to call the method
on the component class.
And so I'm gonna pull up the console here.
And when I click down here,
UPDate COLOR WHOOP WHOOP,
I don't know if I really need to
zoom in but you can kinda see that,
is it's capturing the native DOM event and
then it's calling the method
on the component,
which in this case is UPDate COLOR.
And so we're logging out so
we can see it, but, more importantly,
is when I did this, I captured this
event and then updated this property on
the class which then rippled
through the rest of our bindings.
Now let's talk about this template and
what's happening here just briefly.
You'll notice that we're taking click,
and we're wrapping parentheses around it.
Well, we can do this with
really any DOM event.
And so I haven't done all of these,
but for instance, if you go to,
I think MDN DOM events.
Event reference, so
this is the Mozilla Developer Network.
You can see just a ton of DOM events
that exist, native DOM events.
And you can actually bind to any of
these DOM events in the browser.
And the difference is that in AngularJS,
what they had done,
and let me see if I can find
a real quick example of this.
This is actually a pretty good example.
It's always so weird looking at this, but
you'll notice like ng-submit, is that they
essentially created this wrapper for every
single event that they wanted to surface.
And they said like,
let's not do that anymore.
Instead, let's just bind to
the native DOM events, and
not have to write a bunch of extra code.
And so we can take for
instance Mouseenter,
I could go back into the template here,
and I can bind to this DOM event.
So I'll save this, and
with a little bit of luck,
that when I mouse over,
notice it captured that event.
And so this is really really
really powerful because now,
any DOM event that's being surfaced,
and there's a lot of them,
is you can now capture and
essentially leverage and
then use that as a hook
back into your component.